So cute
u/savevideo
Awww, how cute! I love it when my cats hide under a blanket, and makes that purr / light meow sound when I check on them, kind of a "hi mom, how did you find me?"
They're pretty awesome. He's obsessed with going under blankets lol
It's their secret den you *definitely* don't know about
It looks like Pink Panther.
That would make him a Blancat.
I started to hum the *Jaws* intro song!  Please give your sweet kitty a snuggle from me, okay?!  ???
Their activation sound! r/activationsound
Exactly! How adorable that it has its own subreddit
I know right! It’s one of my favorite subs
my heart is melting!! ( ?? ? ???)
your cat is so so cute and the way you captured this photo almost makes him look like he’s in glittery, purple space! ?

whats his name?
His name is Nugget, on account of the fact that he was the tiniest kitten I've ever seen, so we started calling him lil' Nug. He goes by many other names as well, such as "His Royal Highness" and "Your Majesty" haha
aaawhh!! thats super cute! well thank you for sharing lil nug, my day brightened up because of him ?
He's still young, you could change his name to "nuggie", it's not too late!
You forgot "His Royal Worshipfulness"!
I like your photo and I like your cat
Pretty sure that's a shark
Why thank you
My grandmother's cat Roscoe used to do this. He'd stay in the bed as she made it so there'd be a Roscoe-shaped lump in the sheets.
Watch out! Here comes the blanket shark! It may bite you on the toes
Just a little nibble to see if you're a seal!
My little guy just loves when we change the sheets, he's under it before you even know he was in the room.
He's so obsessed with being under the blankets he'll wake you up in the middle of the night by pawing at the blankets by your neck until you lift them up for him to crawl under lol
My new kitten does this. It’s annoying and adorable. My other cat (coincidentally nicknamed nugget) loves to “help” make the bed and gets annoyed when I won’t tuck her under the fitted sheet ?
We call this the "sheet beast" where I'm from!!!! Hahaha
Blan-ket shark doo doo doodoo doodoo
It looks like Pink Panther
No, looks like a shark!
Amazing!!
???
DUnnn DdUUUN DUUnn DdDdUUUUUnnnn DA DA DAAAAA DODODODODODOOOO!
Awe he looks just like my cat! She's a little monster who doesn't know what personal space is lol
Very cute
eyes WIDE
Great pic!!
OMG THOSE EYES
That looks says, “umm... you’re not supposed to be here. This is my special place.”
Incredible photograph!
pls give him pets from me ?
Blanket Shark...very cool ?
This cat appears to be questioning life at this exact moment.
I don't think he ever expected to be found, even though there was a very obvious purring lump on the bed when I walked in haha
I'm occasionally sad that I missed out on kitten years... But my Lucy still entertains me. We rescued her about 4 years ago and she was already an adult.

She wants nothing to do with the 2 dogs... But they have a detente at the moment.
This cat is on mushrooms. Change my mind
The looks in that sharks eyes...
Dutch oven the little cutie
He looks like he is surfing the galaxy....
Dolby is a free elf
I myself have a bedbear (dog) and he does this same thing to any blanket anywhere.
I love discovery channel, I learn so much about these elusive species
Awww!
Awesome pic.
Absolutely Terrifying.
r/ProperAnimalNames
I heard they may trick you with their cuteness. Be careful! Or don’t.
Dude looks stressed
Watch your toes!!
Oh my God this is adorableeeeeeeee. I wish I could have pets.. most of my family is alergic though :<
I can't be the only one who read this in an Australian accent.
Blanket shark! I love that!
What camera did you use?
Insert Jaws theme song and its perfect.
We call this the "sheet beast" where I'm from!!!! Hahaha
I love the colour of your sheets!
They shred their meat I am told.
The left ear is giving me the huge ooofffs. Devin feline.
Literally a White Pointer!!!
Getting in their second wonderful world ?
Aww, this kitty looks so anxious, I want to scoop it up and cuddle it immediately <3
Poor thing?
I take an issue with description "in the wild".

